[PC-1471] Edge Control Maintenance 2 (#1527)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/05.pro-solutions/solutions-and-kits/edge-control/features.md

<Feature title="MKR slots" image="mkr-form-factor">

  The on-board MKR slots 1 & 2 can be used to connect Arduino MKR boards to extend the capabilities such as connectivity through LoRa®, Wi-Fi®, 2G/3G/CatM1/NBIoT, and Sigfox.

</Feature>

<Feature title="Watermark Sensors" image="humidity-sensor">

  The Edge Control can handle up to 16 watermark sensor inputs, being a suitable solution for soil humidity measurements on big crop fields.

</Feature>

<Feature title="Solid State Relays" image="settings">

>   The Edge Control features four galvanically isolated solid state relays (SSR) that can handle up to 2.5A and 60V AC. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Edge Control features four galvanically isolated solid state relays (SSR) that can handle up to 2.5 A and 60 VAC. 
```

Units always separed from the numbers, V CA and V CC alwaus as VCA and VCC (please check arduino style guide in case you need to)

</Feature>

<Feature title="4-20mA Sensors" image="communication">

>   The Edge Control has four 4-20mA sensor inputs, perfect to support a vast variety of industrial sensors. 

Reviewer: Try to solve this format problem
![image](https://github.com/arduino/docs-content/assets/7687624/8bdc780c-22a4-4a50-b224-812fe3a890d6)
where 4-20 mA is separed

>   The Edge Control has four 4-20mA sensor inputs, perfect to support a vast variety of industrial sensors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Edge Control has four 4-20 mA sensor inputs, perfect to support a vast variety of industrial sensors. 
```

</Feature>

<Feature title="Latching Outputs" image="connection">

  The Edge Control features eight latching outputs, perfect for driving latching motorized or solenoid valves.

</Feature>

<Feature title="Power Flexibility" image="power">

>   The Edge Control can be powered by a 12V DC power supply or by a lead-acid battery. Also, it supports a solar panel connection to recharge the battery and ensure the device functions even in remote off-the-grid deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Edge Control can be powered by a 12 VDC power supply or by a lead-acid battery. Also, it supports a solar panel connection to recharge the battery and ensure the device functions even in remote off-the-grid deployments.
```

</Feature>

> <Feature title="Smart agriculture" image="uv-sensor">

Reviewer: Put this item as the first one

It is one of the main feature we want to highlight so makes sense
